modules/README.md, before:

Modules
-------

The following modules have been modified for Pinkie or outright created for Pinkie. 

img.py
======

Stores "images" in an SQLite database for later retrieval with a command. Changes can be made either by an admin or by the nick who submitted the original image.
Images are actually image links; phenny did not support DCC file transfers at the time and implementing that feature would have been more trouble than it was worth for the purposes of this module. 
Current bugs: SQLite has poor support for threading, therefore all commands and functions MUST explicity include the thread = false directive at the end (in addition to any command and variable directives).
getall might currently be broken; I have not fully tested img.py recently. 

ping.py
=======

This module originally included a few commands to verify that phenny/pinkie was currently connected (i.e. not pinging out) and responding to commands. 
With help from Amos' (Amos on irc.caffie.net/#Equestria) changes, Pinkie has gained a huge number of "character" commands and responses. Attention has been paid to making Pinkie seem "in-character", except in certain cases of giving certain nicks special responses. These special responses have somewhat inspired the party.py module.
Current bugs: None, as far as I am aware. A user-level "bug" might be that not all actions are currently implemented, but more features are always being written. Features are written based on percieved need (i.e. a user performs an action to Pinkie, but she currently has no response for that action).

rule34.py
=========

This module was originally meant to query the site rule34.xxx, a hentai "booru"-style imageboard. Since the imageboard software is largely similar (if not the same), it was trivial to add additional functions to query the furry site e621.net and the FiM site twentypercentcooler.net (ponibooru and derpybooru were not included in this module because of ponibooru's poor site performance and the author's ignorance of derpybooru).
In addition to querying these new sites, additional code was added to properly filter actual NSFW links from SFW links via the board's build-in Rating system ("Safe","Questionable","Explicit"). 
Current bugs: Again, none, as far as I am aware. A user-level "bug" is that each board requires the proper knowledge of how its tag system works, i.e. if a user wishes to find images of Rarity, the My Little Pony character, on e621.net, they must search "Rarity_(mlp)". 

head.py
=======

Another module that has been extended for FiM-specific sites. If it detects a FimFiction.net story link (a link that looks like http://fimfiction.net/story/<story-id>/<story-name>), it skips the normal page title code and reads the info from the story page, gathering the story name, author, likes, dislikes, and calculated from the likes and dislikes, the overall percentage rating.
At this time, because of how lxml.html functions or how the FimFiction.net pages are written, the module cannot retrieve the word count, categories, or views. 
Also, some code submitted by Polarfire (Polarfire on irc.canternet.org/#techponies) allows for similar information from Youtube links, whether they be the short youtu.be/<vid> style or the regular youtube.com/watch?v=<vid> style (should be able to find the video ID in the other URL decorators).
Information gathered includes video title, view count, duration, and uploader. May be extended to include likes, dislikes, and percentage.

Commit message:

Updated README files to reflect new info (party.py is finished but has a serious bug; head.py now requires BeautifulSoup 4.1.2 or later; minor typos). Added a TODO to irc.py for the action function.

modules/README.md, after:

Modules
-------

The following modules have been modified for Pinkie or outright created for Pinkie. 

img.py
======

Stores "images" in an SQLite database for later retrieval with a command. Changes can be made either by an admin or by the nick who submitted the original image.
Images are actually image links; phenny did not support DCC file transfers at the time and implementing that feature would have been more trouble than it was worth for the purposes of this module. 
Current bugs: SQLite has poor support for threading, therefore all commands and functions MUST explicity include the thread = false directive at the end (in addition to any command and variable directives).
getall might currently be broken; I have not fully tested img.py recently. 

ping.py
=======

This module originally included a few commands to verify that phenny/pinkie was currently connected (i.e. not pinging out) and responding to commands. 
With help from Amos' (Amos on irc.caffie.net/#Equestria) changes, Pinkie has gained a huge number of "character" commands and responses. Attention has been paid to making Pinkie seem "in-character", except in certain cases of giving certain nicks special responses. These special responses have somewhat inspired the party.py module.
Current bugs: None, as far as I am aware. A user-level "bug" might be that not all actions are currently implemented, but more features are always being written. Features are written based on percieved need (i.e. a user performs an action to Pinkie, but she currently has no response for that action).

rule34.py
=========

This module was originally meant to query the site rule34.xxx, a hentai "booru"-style imageboard. Since the imageboard software is largely similar (if not the same), it was trivial to add additional functions to query the furry site e621.net and the FiM site twentypercentcooler.net (ponibooru and derpybooru were not included in this module because of ponibooru's poor site performance and the author's ignorance of derpybooru).
In addition to querying these new sites, additional code was added to properly filter actual NSFW links from SFW links via the board's build-in Rating system ("Safe","Questionable","Explicit"). 
Current bugs: Again, none, as far as I am aware. A user-level "bug" is that each board requires the proper knowledge of how its tag system works, i.e. if a user wishes to find images of Rarity, the My Little Pony character, on e621.net, they must search "Rarity_(mlp)". __

head.py
=======

Another module that has been extended for FiM-specific sites. If it detects a FimFiction.net story link (a link that looks like "http://fimfiction.net/story/<story-id>/<story-name>"), it skips the normal page title code and reads the info from the story page, gathering the story name, author, likes, dislikes, and, calculated from the likes and dislikes, the overall percentage rating.
At this time, because of how lxml.html functions or how the FimFiction.net pages are written, unless BeautifulSoup 4.1.2 or later is installed, we cannot get the categories, views, chapter count, word count from the page. 
Also, some code submitted by Polarfire (Polarfire on irc.canternet.org/#techponies) allows for similar information from Youtube links, whether they be the short youtu.be/<vid> style or the regular youtube.com/watch?v=<vid> style (should be able to find the video ID in the other URL decorators).
Information gathered includes video title, view count, duration, and uploader. May be extended to include likes, dislikes, and percentage.

party.py
========

This original module is designed to greet new nicks when they join the channel, and, if they are on the "VIP list", private message an additional, special greeting. (The VIP function is most for an inside joke and can be safely ignored.)
Current bugs: **CRITICAL** Pinkie will issue a greeting for any new _nick_, meaning that if a user changes their nick and Pinkie has not seen it, she will issue a new greeting. To prevent this, it would be most beneficial to get the complete hostmask of the user in question and only issue a new greeting if their hostmask is unique. Additional code for allowing new IP masks (i.e., look at the larger ISP hostname or IP block and not the unique IP) should be required.
